README.rst, before:

****************************
mopidycli
****************************

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/mopidycli.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mopidycli/
    :alt: Latest PyPI version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/mopidycli.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mopidycli/
    :alt: Number of PyPI downloads

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/havardgulldahl/mopidycli/master.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/havardgulldahl/mopidycli
    :alt: Travis CI build status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/havardgulldahl/mopidycli/master.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://coveralls.io/r/havardgulldahl/mopidycli
   :alt: Test coverage

Mopidy tool for controlling playback from command line


Installation
============

Install by running::

    pip install mopidycli

Or, if available, install the Debian/Ubuntu package from `apt.mopidy.com
<http://apt.mopidy.com/>`_.



Project resources
=================

- `Source code <https://github.com/havardgulldahl/mopidy-commandline>`_
- `Issue tracker <https://github.com/havardgulldahl/mopidy-commandline/issues>`_


Credits
=======

- Original author: ` <https://github.com/havardgulldahl`__
- Current maintainer: ` <https://github.com/havardgulldahl`__
- `Contributors <https://github.com/havardgulldahl/mopidy-commandline/graphs/contributors>`_


Changelog
=========

v0.1.0 (UNRELEASED)
----------------------------------------

- Initial release.

Commit message:

Add info about scripts installd

README.rst, after:

****************************
mopidycli
****************************

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/mopidycli.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mopidycli/
    :alt: Latest PyPI version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/mopidycli.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mopidycli/
    :alt: Number of PyPI downloads

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/havardgulldahl/mopidycli/master.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/havardgulldahl/mopidycli
    :alt: Travis CI build status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/havardgulldahl/mopidycli/master.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://coveralls.io/r/havardgulldahl/mopidycli
   :alt: Test coverage

Mopidy tool for controlling playback from command line


Installation
============

Install by running::

    pip install mopidycli

Or, if available, install the Debian/Ubuntu package from `apt.mopidy.com
<http://apt.mopidy.com/>`_.

Commands 
========

After installation, you'll get the following scripts::

    mopidy-next:	 Change to the next track.
    
    mopidy-pause:	 Pause playback.
    
    mopidy-play:	 play the currently active track.
    
    mopidy-previous:	 Change to the previous track.
    
    mopidy-resume:	 If paused, resume playing the current track.
    
    mopidy-shuffle:	 Shuffles the entire tracklist.
    
    mopidy-state:	 Get The playback state: 'playing', 'paused', or 'stopped'. If PLAYING or PAUSED, show information on current track.
    
    mopidy-tracklist:	 Get tracklist

Project resources
=================

- `Source code <https://github.com/havardgulldahl/mopidy-commandline>`_
- `Issue tracker <https://github.com/havardgulldahl/mopidy-commandline/issues>`_


Credits
=======

- Original author: ` <https://github.com/havardgulldahl`__
- Current maintainer: ` <https://github.com/havardgulldahl`__
- `Contributors <https://github.com/havardgulldahl/mopidy-commandline/graphs/contributors>`_


Changelog
=========

v0.1.0 (UNRELEASED)
----------------------------------------

- Initial release.
